Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Mission Report.
Russian Federation submarine
K599 Sevastopol.
Operation: Podkova.
Day 74.
The active learning defense system
we are testing…
…continues to operate flawlessly.
One might even say…
Thank you officers.
Please.
You can wait outside. Thank you.
She's my client.
Bring her to me.
We're okay.
Put your weapons down now.
Special Operations.
He's wanted for terrorism.
Put your weapons down NOW.
It's all under control.
Traffic cameras have picked up the woman
on facial recognition.
She is now in a yellow Fiat 500.
Units are in pursuit.
Where are you going?
This is a private party.
You can't come in.
See you soon.
It's true.
He told me…
…I would betray him.
Why…
did you spare my life?
No. no… stay with me.
You know what this is?
What does it unlock?
Where in Sevastopol?
Good luck.